/* CSci4061 S2016 Assignment 3
 * section: 6 (for labs)
 * date: 04/13/16
 * William Rurik, Michael Jacobson, Peter Sakaguchi (for partner(s))
 * id: 4618256, 4377605, 4620018 */

If a segfault or other memory error occurs, run make clean before re-testing.

How to Compile/Run:
	To compile, use the provided Makefile by calling "make clean" and then "make" in the
	terminal. To create a process, run "./application N K W Md TO Dr" where N is the 
	process name, K is the mailbox key, W is the window size, Md is the max delay time,
	TO is the timeout, and Dr is the drop rate. Each process should be created on the same
	machine in order for them to communicate between each other. 

How the program works:
	Once the application has been run on the command line, each process should be given
	a prompt asking if they are a sender or a receiver. If the process is a sender, then
	it has the ability to send a message to any receiving process on the machine by first
	entering the receiver name, and then the contents of the message (which cannot contain
	spaces). Once the message has been sent, the process will again be asked if they would
	like to become a sender or receiver.

	If the process is a receiver, then they will sit idle until they begin to receive 
	packets from a sender which, once all packets have been received, can be used to
	construct the sent message. If two senders attempt to send messages to the same 
	receiver simultaneously, then the receiver will only receive the message of one 
	sender, while blocking the other sender who will then timeout. 

Questions:
	1. What is the effect of having a very short TIMEOUT period and a very long TIMEOUT 
	period?

	For a very short TIMEOUT period, a sender will spend less time on average waiting
	before finding out if they have been blocked by a receiver, or before finding out
	that their packets are not being received. However it is also possible that at very
	short TIMEOUT periods the sender might accidentally TIMEOUT before the receiver has
	time to send its ACK packets. For a very long TIMEOUT period, a sender is less likely 
	to accidentally timeout when messaging a receiver, but if they are blocked or their
	packets are not otherwise being sent it will take longer on average before they 
	figure it out and TIMEOUT. 

	2. What is the effect of having a very small window size (e.g., n=1) and a very large
	window size?

	A very small window size will result in very few packets being sent at a time which 
	means that the receiver will generally take longer on average to send confirmation
	ACKs and therefore the total travel time of the message will be longer on average. 
	The packets are more likely to arrive in order however as opposed to a very large
	window size which will send all of its packets faster, and therefore the message 
	faster, but dropped packets will be more out of place than dropped packets in 
	a small window size, so the resulting message of the very large windows size will 
	be less well ordered.





	
